CLI List and HCP command docs refresh (#28778)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/commands/hcp/connect.mdx

---
layout: docs
page_title: hcp connect - Vault CLI
description: |-
  Authenticate users and machines to HCP with explicit
  credentials or an HCP token and interactive browser login.
---

# hcp connect

> `hcp connect` authenticates users or machines to HCP using either provided arguments or retrieved token through
> browser login. A successful authentication results in an HCP token and an HCP Vault address being
> locally cached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authenticate users or machines to HCP then cache the connection token and address locally.
```
Style correction: write in active voice, prefer direct statements

<CodeBlockConfig hideClipboard>

```shell-session
$ vault hcp connect [options]
$ vault hcp connect [-help | -h]
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

## Description

> By default, `hcp connect` uses interactive authentication that requires

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `hcp connect` to authenticate with explicit credentials or interactive browser login.
By default, `hcp connect` uses interactive authentication that requires
```

Incorporating info from the summary statement.

If authentication succeeds, the Vault CLI saves the returned HCP token and HCP
Vault address in the local cache.

> ### Limitations and warnings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I ended up deleting the limitations/warnings section when it's not needed since it's a subsection of Description and not a top-level heading

> ### Limitations and warnings

Reviewer: Is there a corresponding API endpoint?

> - None

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Command arguments

> - None

Reviewer: ```suggestion
None.
```

## Command options

> - None

Reviewer: ```suggestion
None.
```

## Command flags

<br />

@include 'cli/hcp/flags/client-id.mdx'

<br />
<hr />
<br />

> @include 'cli/hcp/flags/secret-id.mdx'

Reviewer: We should list flags in alphabetic order

<br />
<hr />
<br />

@include 'cli/hcp/flags/organization-id.mdx'

<br />
<hr />
<br />

@include 'cli/hcp/flags/project-id.mdx'

<br />
<hr />
<br />

@include 'cli/hcp/flags/cluster-id.mdx'

## Standard flags

<br />

> @include 'cli/standard-settings/all-standard-flags.mdx'

Reviewer: I don't think login uses format.
